hi everyone and welcome to another
tutorial so today I'm going to show you
how to make this really cool rose garden
bracelet and this was designed by a
notorious babe on Instagram I will have
her name in the description box below
and I will also bring up her profile
here on Instagram really quick alright
so here we are my phone has kind of a
glare but this is her profile it's kind
of hard to see but this is just a quick
overview I will have her name in the
description box below so make sure to
check her out here on Instagram and get
ready follow for me it's just a lot of
really cool designs and I just like to
see them all so again I will have her
name in the description box below make
sure to check her on Instagram and give
her a follow for me so today I'm going
to be showing how to make this all
you're going to need is one hook today
if you want to use a crochet hook or
Rainbow loom hook it's up to you I using
a crochet hook just because it's easier
to show you guys and then you're going
to need a c-clip and two colors of bands
just like here if you want to use more
you can easily use more but I'm just
gonna go ahead and get started it's the
first color that we're going to be
placing is the green and this bracelet
so I'm using the Jolly Green today the
first thing you're going to be doing is
placing a cap band on your hook just
like this and take your rose color I
used burgundy sweets there and I'm going
to be using white silk here to do like
white roses then you're going to just
pull that cap band over the band and
reattach so now it should just look like
this I'm going to take five more of
these white bands here you're going to
pull one through just the first loop so
it looks like this you're going to take
your next one and put on your hook we're
going to pull just this middle one
through so I'm going to pull through the
first two loops and then lift this first
one here slide it down and then
reorganize the band's I also pull on
this cap in a little bit then I'm going
to take my next band and I'm going to
pull it through the first two loops
reattach
then I'm going to take my next band and
pull it through the second and the third
loops so these two Center loops so I'm
going to pull through the first three
and then pick up the first one and then
reorganize and my last white band here
I'm going to go ahead and pull through
the first two loops and I can reattach
and then get to more of your Jolly Green
bands or your green bands you're going
to take off this first loop and hold on
to it and you're going to put a cap band
with your green bands on the hook and
reattach this white band so now if the
cap in is in between there then what
you're going to do is grab both loops of
the cap and pull it over the hook just
like that so now it will be also
attached to this white band take your
last green band and you're going to pull
it through all four of the loops there
on your hook and then reattach so this
is just for the first petal the second
one is going to be a little bit
different I'm just because of the cap
and the first one is different so if you
want you can transfer this onto another
hook but since it's only two loops I'm
just going to take it off and then turn
it around
just like this and then what you're
going to do is take six more these white
bands okay and the first thing that
you're going to do is pull your white
band through just the first loop here to
pull through just the first loop and
then what you're going to do is take
your next band you're going to pull it
through just this first white loop and
then reattach in the trick that I
noticed when I was making this bracelet
here I noticed that we are looping like
the middle band if these two first loops
are the same band then we're going to
take this middle one so with our third
band we're going to take to Center one
and then put this back on and I also
noticed when the two Center bands are
the two Center loops are the same band
we're going to grab the first two so
take another white band and pull through
the first two and reattach and now these
first two loops are the same so we're
going to grab these two middle loops
pull through the first three bands then
lift the first one and then with our
last band we're gonna grab through these
first two loops because he is Center two
are the same band pull through the first
two and before I reattached I'm just
going to hold this with my hands I'm
with my fingers and put this cap band on
and then I'm going to reattach it and
then remember you're gonna pull both
loops over and then you're going to take
your next band you're gonna pull through
all the loops on your hook it should be
five loops this time because we have
that extra green one you're going to
reattach and this is what it's going to
look like you're going to turn this
around again and I'll show you how to do
this quickly one more time and then I
will show you how to finish this off so
again taking six bands six white bands
that is into green I'm going to pull
through the light is really flourish
right here um I'm gonna pull through the
first band go through the second band go
through the third band onto the center
okay I'm gonna pull through fourth band
on to the first two dancer stuff
together I'll deal with that later and
then you're gonna pull through the two
Center bands and pick up the first one
and then miss your last band you're
gonna pull through the first two and
before you reattach kappab and put that
back on and pull those loops over the
hook oops and then take your last green
band I'm gonna pull through all the
loops here so that's really your entire
process down until this reaches your
wrist size I used 14 individual sections
here to do my wrist size so that's what
it's going to look like and then when
you finish you can just pull these ones
off to the side another light is like
really Glarus right now but that's going
to be it for this tutorial so thank you
for watching make sure to give a thumbs
up and subscribe I will have in torez
babes name in the description box below
so make sure to check her out there on
Instagram and give her you follow for me
and that's what I'm gonna have for this
video so I hope to see you next time